---
title: "Deewangi - Last Episode 41 -- English Subtitles -- 26th August 2020 - HAR PAL GEO"
image: "https://s2.dmcdn.net/v/SQMme1VIEp85CXUam/x240"
vid_id: "x7vsppk"
categories: "tv"
tags: ["Deewangi - Last Episode 41 -- English Subtitles -- 26th August 2020 - HAR PAL GEO","Deewangi - Last Episode 41 -","Har pal geo"]
date: "2020-08-30T03:57:03+03:00"
---
Deewangi - Last Episode 41 -- English Subtitles -- 26th August 2020 - HAR PAL GEO  <br>Deewangi - Last Episode 41 -- English Subtitles -- 26th August 2020 - HAR PAL GEO  <br>Deewangi - Last Episode 41 -- English Subtitles -- 26th August 2020 - HAR PAL GEO  <br>Deewangi - Last Episode 41 -- English Subtitles -- 26th August 2020 - HAR PAL GEO  <br>Deewangi - Last Episode 41 -- English Subtitles -- 26th August 2020 - HAR PAL GEO  <br>Deewangi - Last Episode 41 -- English Subtitles -- 26th August 2020 - HAR PAL GEO  <br>Deewangi - Last Episode 41   <br>Deewangi - Last Episode 41   <br>Deewangi - Last Episode 41   <br>Deewangi - Last Episode 41   <br>Living with her cruel brother-in-law, ambitious Nageen Faiyaz works several menial jobs to break free from the shackles of poverty and dependence.  <br>Working as a bus hostess, she meets Sultan Durrani; soon-to -be politician with great influence. Drawn by her presence, Sultan falls for Nageen, at first sight. Unaware of the intensity of what is to come next, he publicly expresses his emotions to Nageen. The following events change the course of their lives and career. With the support from her friends, Nageen attempts to start afresh.   <br>Unable to resolve his difference with Nageen, Sultan sets on the mission to find her again. Will Nageen and Sultan’s second interaction be as tragic as the first? Or will the storm of feelings finally find peace?  <br>Cast:  <br>Danish Taimoor  <br>Hiba Bukhari  <br>Ali Abbas  <br>Zoya Nasir  <br>Mehmood Aslam  <br>Nida Mumtaz  <br>Ismat Zaidi  <br>Noor Ul Hasan  <br>Parveen Akbar  <br>Humera Bano  <br>Aiza Awan  <br>Written by : Sadia Akhtar  <br>Directed by : Zeeshan Ahmed  <br>Produced by : Abdullah Kadwani &amp; Asad Qureshi  <br>Production House:7th Sky Entertainment  <br>#DeewangiOST  <br>#HARPALGEO  <br>#DeewangiLastEp41  <br>Har pal geo  <br>geo dramas  <br>latest pakistani drama  <br>top pakistani dramas  <br>best pakistani dramas  <br>latest pakistani dramas  <br>drama 2020  <br>Deewangi  <br>Deewangi Ep 41  <br>Deewangi - Episode 41  <br>26th August 2020  <br>Episode 41  <br>Deewangi Drama  <br>Diwangi  <br>Dewangi  <br>Danish Taimoor  <br>Hiba Bukhari  <br>Ali Abbas  <br>Zoya Nasir  <br>Mehmood Aslam  <br>Nida Mumtaz  <br>Ismat Zaidi  <br>Noor Ul Hasan  <br>Parveen Akbar  <br>Humera Bano  <br>Aiza Awan
